= About Noty

_Noty_ is small and cute xmpp bot, which can remind you of something important.
Simply add {noty@ximik.net}[xmpp:noty@ximik.net] to your roster and start using it.

= Usage

== Timezones

First of all, you have to set up your timezone. _Noty_ have to know your timezone because he is dealing with your localtime.
To list all available timezones, simply send `<tt>help tz</tt>' to _Noty_.
When you decided which timezone to select, just send, for example, `<tt>tz Europe/Kiev</tt>'.

== Format

To set the time of your notification send to _Noty_ `<tt>datetime message</tt>'. Message can be ommited.

=== Datetime format

You can combine in any way next formats of date and time.

==== Date format

* `+3d+', `+d+', `+2w+', `+w+' and `<tt>3w 3d</tt>' stand for `<em>in three days</em>', `<em>tomorrow</em>', `<em>in two weeks</em>', `<em>in a week</em>' and `<em>in three weeks and three days</em>'.
* `<tt>08-11</tt>', `<tt>8-11</tt>', `<tt>11.08</tt>' and `<tt>11.8</tt>' stands for `<em>August 11th</em>'.
* `<tt>2013-08-11</tt>', `<tt>13-8-11</tt>', `<tt>11.08.2013</tt>' and `<tt>11.8.13</tt>' stand for `<em>August 11th 2013</em>'.

==== Time format

* `+3m+', `+m+', `+5h+', `+h+' and `<tt>h 15m</tt>' stand for `<em>in three minutes</em>', `<em>after a minute</em>', `<em>in five hours</em>', `<em>after an hour</em>' and `<em>after an hour and quarter</em>'.
* `+15+', `<tt>3 pm</tt>', `<tt>15:31</tt>' and `<tt>3:51 pm</tt>' stand for `<em>at 15:00</em>', `<em>at 3pm</em>', `<em>at 15:31</em>' and `<em>at 3:51 pm</em>'

== List

To print all your future notification, simply send `+list+' to _Noty_.

== Delete record

To delete record send `<tt>del record-number</tt>'. To delete all send `<tt>del *</tt>'

= Starting your own Noty

1. Prepare your database.
2. Set parameters in `config' directory.
3. Run

= Contacts

Feel free to contact us at GitHub, for example.

= License

_Noty_ is distributed under the MIT license
